Update application-proxy-add-on-premises-application.md (#76664)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/app-proxy/application-proxy-add-on-premises-application.md

| ctldl.windowsupdate.com                                      | 80/HTTP   | The connector uses this URL during the registration process. |

You can allow connections to &ast;.msappproxy.net, &ast;.servicebus.windows.net, and other URLs above if your firewall or proxy lets you configure access rules based on domain suffixes. If not, you need to allow access to the [Azure IP ranges and Service Tags - Public Cloud](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=56519). The IP ranges are updated each week.
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Avoid all forms of inline inspection and Termination on outbound TLS communications between Azure AD Application Proxy connector and Azure Endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Avoid all forms of inline inspection and termination on outbound TLS communications between Azure AD Application Proxy connectors and Azure AD Application Proxy Cloud services.
```
